Anthropic just made their remote control
feature 10 times better. You can now
start sessions directly from your phone
without ever touching your computer. A
couple weeks back, they dropped this
remote control feature. It allowed you
to start a session on your computer,
scan a QR code, and then control cloud
code from your phone. That alone was
huge and it gave people exactly what
they wanted, but they just made it even
better. You can now start a brand new
session from your phone without ever
touching your computer. In this video,
I'm going to show you how to set it up,
how I use it every day, and we're going
to build a website together from scratch
directly from my phone. But enough of me
talking about it. Let's hop into the
video and see this remote control in
action. Before I explain anything, let
me show you exactly how I use it to
create the resource guides for this
video from my phone. If I'm ever not at
my computer and I need to get this done,
this is how I do it. So, I'll open up
Claude. We'll be in the chat section
right away. We'll click on the left
here. We'll go to the code section. And
now you'll see that I have a couple of
archived from testing, but we're going
to hop into this idle session. That's
deeprooted HQ. And I've ran this
already, but I just wanted to show you
guys. I said create a resource guide for
from my firecrawl video. We launched our
resource guide generator skill. If you
guys want that, that'll be in the free
school community. You can grab it for
yourself. It's going to run that entire
skill now. And this is kind of what's
happening. This is all happening in
cloud code. And then it's getting synced
to the version on my computer. So now
you're seeing it's doing some web
search. It's running some bash commands.
Then it's creating the actual HTML
resource guide. Then it went to go
generate the PDF. And now it gives me
the output which says the PDF looks
clean. 11 pages all branded. It created
some example prompts, CloudMD files,
some ENV examples for the fire crawl and
then tells us the size of it and
everything. So, let's actually pull this
up now inside of Cloud Code and see how
it looks. Now, I'm back on my desktop
and you can see here that the resource
guide HTML is created. The resource
guide PDF is created. So, I'm going to
go ahead and open this up and here's
that resource guide PDF. Gives us
everything we need to know, tools you
need. It's structured very nicely.
There's a couple spacing issues, but
that's okay. So that's what I fix on
that back end. But you guys can see I
just did everything from my phone. If I
need to do some sort of task that helps
me save a bunch of time and I just
forget to do it. It's all good. I could
just prompt Claude code on my phone and
it creates a entire resource guide from
my video. It has a transcript, pulls it
from YouTube. That's just one example. I
just create an entire resource guide
directly from my video without touching
my computer straight from my phone. I
feel like Anthropic just wants to make
Cloud Code as accessible to everybody as
they can because this thing is really a
super tool. Now, let me show you how
everything works. I also wanted to
quickly go over the AI employee
framework. I know AI employees are like
the hottest thing out right now.
Everyone's talking about their 247
executive assistant. So, for those of
you who are new to the AI space, I just
wanted to quickly go over kind of the
framework of what's going on inside of
these AI employees or these cloud code
projects. So, you have your claw.md,
which is your handbook, which is tells
the agent who you are, what you want to
do, what your goals are, what your
business does, how you work. Then you
have your skills and SOPs. Each skill
that you have inside of your skills
folder is a workflow. Every time you
type something specific in or you enable
this skill, it's going to go off and
complete the workflow. Your sloop
function is your daily routine. This
runs tasks on schedule without you
running anything. You can loop skills,
you can loop reminders, really anything.
And then with the new remote control
feature, this is how you manage your
instance or your agent from anywhere.
Your phone becomes the management layer.
So, if I go out to the grocery store
right now and something comes to my
head, I can type it in, have Claude Code
do it, have Claude Code save my idea,
have Cloud Code write me a YouTube
script, anything like that. Now, I have
that ability. And the cool thing is if I
want something directly to go to my
terminal, yes, of course, I have to have
the computer on. But if I don't, I just
can clone my repository on my phone,
update it, then push it to GitHub, and
then when I get home, I can pull it in.
So, it really gives you like even more
access to cloud code when you're not
sitting here at your computer. You just
saw that on an Excel, but I wanted you
to see what it looks like inside of my
Cloud Code instance. We have a lot of
files here. There's a lot going on, but
this is essentially my 247 executive
assistant. It's my AI operating system,
whatever you want to call it, whatever
floats your boat. The two most important
things in here are obviously in thecloud
folder. Uh we have the claw.md which
tells Claude everything he needs to know
about me, how to operate, how I want
things done, what my priorities are, and
then more importantly, we have the
skills, which are all the SOPs that I
pretty much run on a day-to-day basis.
So, we have, you know, creating Excal
drawings, generating contracts,
generating invoices, checking my uh
email. What else do we have? Night cap
and morning coffee, which is how I begin
and start my day. A ton of stuff here
that just keeps me incredibly efficient.
And if you haven't started your own
executive assistant yet, or at least
played around with it, I highly
recommend doing so. If you're a little
late to the remote control party, don't
worry. I'm going to catch you up to
speed really quickly. The remote control
feature is a feature that allows you to
start up a terminal in cloud code and
then from any device that has access to
a browser, you can access that terminal.
You'll kick up a terminal in your
computer. You'll get a QR code which is
essentially your session link and then
you can get connected to your phone and
start coding in that instance or
performing tasks in that specific
terminal or that session. You could
think of it like sshing into a server,
but instead of typing commands, you're
you're talking directly to Claude. And
Claude obviously has access to
everything on your computer, your
projects, your files, your terminals.
The original launch of the remote
control feature had you start there. So
you had to start a terminal from your
computer, then you could connect to your
phone. Now with this new feature, you
can kick off a new session directly from
your phone. And that's the game changer.
This will take about 2 minutes to set
up. All you'll need to do is get out of
the GUI version of Cloud Code. So this
is the extension inside of VS Code.
We're going to go up here, click
terminal, and we're going to run a new
terminal. And all we're going to do here
is really quickly start up a cloud
session. Once we're in cloud, make sure
you're up on up to date on the newest
version of cloud. If you need to update
it, just do so. Then we're going to type
in /config. We're going to open up our
config panel and then we're going to go
down here all the way to the bottom
where it says enable remote control for
all sessions. This should be on default.
Just make sure that it's on. So, we'll
get out of there real quick. Then we're
actually going to exit out of cloud
code. And then we're going to run one
more command, which is this here at the
bottom. It says claude
remote-control-name.
And I named it deeprooted HQ. So, I'm
going to go ahead send that off. And now
it's going to start that remote control
session. You'll see that right here.
You'll get a URL. So, actually, I'm
going to probably blur this out because
you don't want to share this because
people then can get into your session
obviously. And then if you click on
space, you'll get a QR code that shows
here. Then you could SSH in or just get
into your Cloud Code session from this
uh URL or from this QR code. So, I'll go
ahead scan this in, hop in, and you can
see now that I went straight to the demo
that we ran earlier. And now I have
another session available. So what I'm
going to do go ahead do is archive that
session and then we're going to hop into
this new one. You guys see we have a
completely blank session here. The
screen is still running with the QR
code. My bad. I know that probably hurt
your guys's eyes, but that's but that's
what's going on. So now we're inside of
our Cloud Code terminal. And now we can
type in anything here and it'll happen
inside of our desktop. So that was a
super quick setup. You're now
controlling your Cloud Code session
directly from your phone. Now, with this
new feature, if you want to start a
direct session from your phone, all you
need to go ahead and do is back out of
here, press the plus sign, and then you
just started up a whole new session.
You'll see here at the bottom, I'm
connected to my environment. So, this is
my cloud environment, deeprooted AIOS.
And then we can also connect straight to
our GitHub repository. So, I have a
couple here. And then you can just
connect to that one. So, if you're off a
session, everything gets pushed to your
GitHub and then you can commit it from
your computer later on, which is a
really, really cool feature. You can
also select the branch that you want to
choose. So you can add a new branch or
you can just select the main one which I
have right now. And then we could start
making updates or anything directly from
our phone to our claude or we put it
into our GitHub and then we pull it in
later from the repository. To break down
the remote control feature in the
simplest way, you have your machine over
here on the left which is where your
code lives. Everything stays right here.
In the middle you have anthropic servers
which are just passing messages back and
forth and encrypting them. And then you
have you on on your phone on the right
putting in questions and getting results
back. Your business data or your
personal data never leaves your machine.
And your phone is essentially the window
in to give yourself the ability to make
command and do stuff when you're not
sitting at your computer. Okay, so now
probably the coolest part of the video.
We're actually going to build an entire
website from our phone with one prompt
using Cloud Code and using the remote
control. So we're going to hop into our
project here. We're going to go ahead
and just paste in this prompt that says
build a modern website for all aspects
plumbing. Use their brand assets and
copy. Look at their current website for
any information you don't already have.
Keep in mind I have some fire crawl
tools and some other web scraping tools.
Go find out this information. And then
we're going to go ahead send that off
and see what comes back in a second. Our
agent is going ahead and grabbing the
current date because that's what's at
the top of the claw.md file. You can see
here that I can click on this little
agent thing and it'll tell me perfect.
Now let me compile all the information
I've gathered. It gives us like an
output and everything just like we would
get in cloud code, which is so cool.
Just like it would in cloud code, it's
giving us all the to-dos that it's going
to do now. So, build website HTML style
with brand colors, add interactivity,
and then test and browser and verify.
Imagine if you're just hanging out with
your friends like, "Hey, I could build a
website real quick." Watch this.
Incredible. All right, so we just
finished up the site. It's built and
verified. It gave us all the headers,
the hero about services, everything that
we needed, some key features. What was
cool when I scrolled back, it went and
it used the Chrome DevTools MCP that I
had and took a bunch of screenshots,
verified everything worked. We had one
error, a couple couple resize errors
there, but that's okay. went through
them. But yeah, it completed all these
to-dos that it did. Created the entire
HTML, verified it all from my phone. And
now I'm going to show you guys what that
looks like here. Uh when I pull this
thing up here, we have the entire
website that was created from my phone.
This is nuts. Is it the best? It's all
right. I I there's a couple things that
I would make, but look, all these
buttons are moving. The call now
buttons. It's got their phone numbers.
We didn't get an image added here. We
should probably get that. But they got
their services. I mean, this is a really
clean looking page. And it's got all
these animations. Geez, it's got all
these things. And I mean, we did all
that from our phone and this took one
shot. It's even got a submission form on
here. I wonder where that sends us. But
guys, like this is something you can
absolutely build off on. And you built
this walking in a grocery store doing
something that you had an idea, right?
This is absolutely incredible. All from
my phone. It's got all the relevant
information on there. Uh, and we're good
to go. So now there's really no excuse
for you not to be able to build
something really, really cool with
Claude Code. Anybody can really do it.
The barrier to entry is so low. Uh, and
I'm really excited for you guys to get
your hands on this and try it out. Now,
I want you to keep in mind that this
remote feature is only available on the
max plan. So, you have to be spending
$100 a month with Claude or $200 a month
to access it. And if if I'm being
honest, like if you're beginning in
Cloud Code, you don't really need this.
This is just a cool thing for us geeks
who are spending tons of time in Cloud
Code and really don't want to get off
it. just to be as transparent [music] as
possible. It does get a little bit
confusing with all the sessions and what
gets pushed, what doesn't get pushed,
and you kind of had to be a little bit
more than a beginner to to be able to
use something like this. But I love
where Anthropic is going. I know their
goal is to make all this AI stuff as
accessible as possible for everybody so
everybody can start using it. Just
really blows my mind how far we've come
in the last couple of years. A couple
months ago, if you told me that I can
code something from my phone, I'd
probably call you crazy. And here we
are. As always, if you've got any value
from this video, drop a like, hit that
subscribe button, leave a comment down
below on what you're going to be
building using this new remote control
feature. I drop videos every Tuesday and
Friday if you've made it this far. Thank
you so much, and I'll see you in the
next one. God bless.
Hey, as some of you may know, something
I like to do at the end of all my videos
is pray for you guys, my audience. I do
this because I genuinely care about you
guys. I love you guys. I want to see you
live prosperous lives, be blessed by the
Lord. And uh if this makes you
uncomfortable and you think it's kind of
weird, it totally is weird. I get it.
Just uh please feel free to click off
the video if you're uncomfortable. I
don't want to force anything upon
anyone. Uh this is just what I believe
in and and what I enjoy doing at the end
of every video. Needless to say, I'm
going to go ahead pray for you guys and
send you off with a blessing.
Dear heavenly father, thank you so much
for this day. Thank you so much for the
breath of life today, Lord. And just for
another opportunity to go chase
greatness and and chase a relationship
with you, Lord. I want to thank you for
the person on the other side of the
screen who's taking time out of their
day to watch this video. Lord, I just
want to pray a blessing over them, their
families, their business, whatever goals
that they have. Lord, help them lay that
at lay it at your feet, Lord, and just
watch you go to work. You've done such
tremendous things in my life. I'm so
blessed to have a relationship with you
and I'm just so blessed for these people
uh to be watching my videos and just
taking a chance on themselves and
building something really cool and
helping out a ton of people. Lord, I
just thank you for your sovereignty. I
praise you for your love. I praise you
for your grace. We thank you for your
son Jesus and his sacrifice on the cross
to wash away all of our sins. And just
continue to bless us, Lord. Continue to
be there for us when we need you. you
always are. Um, Lord, I just pray for
the wisdom to do the thing that you put
me on this earth to do in a way that
pleases you and serves the people you
put me here to serve. Lord, I also want
to pray a blessing of wisdom over my
viewers. Help them make the right
decisions. Help them just be guided by
the Holy Spirit and just help everybody
serve other people and bring us closer
together in a world that is so
scattered. I thank you again, Lord. I
can't stop thanking you enough. I praise
you and I pray all this in the mighty
name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, keep
building.